[15.0][MIG] hr_employee_calendar_planning: Migration to 15.0 (#1138)
OCA/hr: hr_employee_calendar_planning/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

#. Go to *Employees > Employees*.
#. Open or create a new one.

> #. On the "Work Information" tab, fill the section "Calendar planning" with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. On the "Work Information" tab, fill the section "Working Hours" with:
```
